In this exercise, you've been called in to consult with
two businesses who are deciding between running an AB or a multivariate test.
Business A is looking to update the design
on a page that is only used by existing customers.
They have a variety of colors and images they could test on this page.
But since the pages open only to existing customers,
they have a limited number of users to test with.
Given the factors listed above,
the advice you should provide to the business is to use
an AB test on the new design of the page.
With a small number of users,
it would take a long time to receive
enough visitors to gain conclusive evidence on the best direction to take
the page if they used a multivariate test that
tested many different pages with different colors and images.
Now let's consider business B.
Business B wants to run an experiment on
the landing page that new potential customers land on.
Business B is a gallery,
and they want to find the perfect number of pictures to show on the landing page,
both across the screen and down the screen to show potential customers enough of
their gallery collection to entice them to learn more
about the business without overwhelming them.
Business B also reports a high amount of traffic to the landing page.
Given that business B wants to test a range from
one to many pictures across and down their page,
and given that business B reports a large number of new users landing on the page,
you should suggest that business B consider a multivariate test.
Business B has the traffic to come to
a conclusion even when testing multiple options and variations.
Given the wide range of variations they might want to test,
business B should consider using dynamic tools to adjust the number of pictures shown
on the site to determine the number of pictures that result in the best clickthrough.